# Primitive Types in JS
* 7 primitive types
  . Boolean, Number, String, BigInt, NULL, Undefined and Symbol.
* In JS values which aren't objects are refered to as primitivies.
* Objects are not primitive data types

## Objects
- made up of key/value pairs
- key always a string
- value can be any primitive,array,object or function
- use key to access the value
- to create object `const O ={}`
- to get a list of all keys: `Object.keys(O)`

## Accessing properties on an object
- two ways :
  ### Dot Notation
    - used most frequently
    - syntax: `objectName.propertyName;`
    - properties identifiers can only be alphanumberic (and _ and $) 
    - can't start with a number. 
    - e.g.Correct usage : `obj.prop_1 , obj.prop$`
           Wrong usage:   `obj.1prop, obj.prop name `

    - property identifiers cannot contain variables because they will look up for the string value instead of using the variable value.
    - much easier to read than bracket notation
    
  ### Bracket Notation
    - second way to access properties on an object
   - syntax: `objectName["propertyName"];`
   - property identifiers only have to be a String
   - we can have spaces in our strings and can even start strings with numbers.
   - variables used to access properties in an object as long as the variable resloves to a string.
   - it's okay to use Variables, spaces and Strings that start with numbers
   - Correct usage: ` obj["1prop"], obj["prop name"] `
### Objects Iteration
* Objects aren't iterable in the way arrays are.
* use `for .... in `statement 
* Since objects can sometimes have properties that inherit from their prototype chain we need additional filtering step to avoid unexpected results with `for ... in` looping.
